# Overall


A powerful and easily extensible framework built around point cloud rendering as its core implementation.

- The core of point cloud rendering supports various rendering functionalities and advanced operations like ray tracing. All inputs return gradients (point cloud attributes, camera parameters).
- The core of point cloud rendering is split to maximize interface openness to users, allowing for extensive customization.
- Modularization of all components to simplify the steps for researchers in secondary development as much as possible.
- Supports current mainstream Gaussian point cloud work.

```{image} ../../images/framework.png
:class: sd-animate-grow50-rot20
:align: center
```

## Data Components
- **Data Reformat**: Parses various types of data from developers into a unified data format.

- **Data Pipeline**: Manages the data flow of unified data formats for trainer.

## Model Components
- **Point Cloud Model**: Computational graph component based on Gaussian point cloud models.

- **DPTR Render**: Core component of point cloud rendering. Supports various rendering techniques, ray tracing, etc. All inputs return gradients (camera intrinsic and extrinsic parameters) and strive to split standardized open interfaces as much as possible.

## Logging, Visualization, Configuration, Registration, and Callback Components
- **Logger and GUI**: Interacts with all components, supporting recording and visualization of intermediate results generated by the entire pipeline.

- **Hook, Config, and Register**: Interacts with all components, supporting developer-customized workflows and configurations for all components.



